c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\BrentBott.exe.config
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\obj\Debug\BrentBott.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\BrentBott.exe
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\BrentBott.pdb
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\obj\Debug\BrentBott.exe
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\obj\Debug\BrentBott.pdb
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs1.JPG
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs10.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs11.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs12.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs13.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs14.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs15.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs16.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs17.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs18.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs19.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs2.png
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs20.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs21.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs22.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs23.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs24.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs25.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs26.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs27.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs28.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs29.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs3.png
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs30.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs4.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs5.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs6.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs7.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs8.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\RSMeme\rs9.jpg
c:\users\brent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\img\img1.png
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\opus.dll
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.dll
C:\Users\Brent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BrentBott\BrentBott\bin\Debug\YoutubeExtractor.xml
